{"jobtitle":"Director, Manufacturing Operations- Medical Device","company":"Compass Consulting Group","city":"San Jose","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"San Jose, CA","source":"Monster","date":"Thu, 13 Jul 2017 04:00:43 GMT","snippet":"Develop training programs to facilitate cross-training of manufacturing personnel, employee development, and quality <b>systems</b> compliance....","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=905fc5fbb7f9f761","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'8851');","latitude":37.337914,"longitude":-121.89011,"jobkey":"905fc5fbb7f9f761","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"San Jose, CA","formattedRelativeTime":"21 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"Our client is a growing medical device company located in San Jose, CA. They are currently searching for a Director level professional to lead the manufacturing operations group. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in medical device manufacturing (preferable class II-III), 5+ years of managing teams, and a track record of managing processes and suppliers.\n\nPOSITION SUMMARY\n\nThis position is responsible for the daily management, performance, direction and growth of manufacturing operations, specifically for medical devices. The Director, Manufacturing will provide overall leadership for all areas of manufacturing to produce best-in-class products and direct activities so that approved products are manufactured on schedule and within quality standards and cost objectives.\n\nESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES\nResponsibilities will include: Assist senior management in the development and formulation of long and short-range planning, policies, programs and objectives. Develop the manufacturing plan and establish procedures for maintaining high standards of manufacturing operations to ensure that products conform to established customer and company quality standards. Maintain a culture of excellence in execution, continuous improvement, and communication within manufacturing team. Monitor work, alter schedules to meet unforeseen conditions, the control flow of work to ensure maximum use of available capacity and effective use of labor, tools, and equipment. Formulate and recommend manufacturing policies and programs that guide the organization in maintaining and improving its competitive position and the profitability of the operation. Direct and monitor department managers to accomplish goals of the manufacturing plan, consistent with established manufacturing and safety procedures. Act as liaison between department management/subordinate levels, as well as executive/department manager levels to inform staff of communications, decisions, policies and all matters that affect their performance, attitudes and results. Hire, train, and supervise manufacturing operations staff. Develop training programs to facilitate cross-training of manufacturing personnel, employee development, and quality systems compliance. Act as a team role model and change agent. Positively lead and influence team members to partner together to achieve individual and team goals. Identify, recommend and implement changes to improve productivity and reduce cost and scrap, monitor scrap and rework data. Direct the establishment, implementation and maintenance of production standards. Direct and coordinate various programs essential to manufacturing procedures (e.g., training, safety, housekeeping, cost reduction, worker involvement, security, etc.). Initiate and coordinate major projects (e.g., plant layout changes, installation of capital equipment, major repairs, etc.). Ensure compliance with ISO13485, GMP, FDA, and OSHA regulations. Provide prompt problem solving for key issues, from root cause identification, containment, problem resolution, and ensuring repeat issues are avoided. DMR and DHR creation and review, participation in nonconformance investigations, root cause analysis, and CAPA plans. Ability to write and review SOPs, NCMRs, protocols and reports as necessary. Execution of validation protocols as instructed for cleaning processes, equipment qualification, and processes/products. Responsible for analyzing and managing resources to best meet cost, quality and schedule objectives. Acts as the leader in identifying opportunities and initiating new processes/practices designed to enhance operations, reduce costs and support the attainment of established goals. Develop, implement and maintain metrics designed to continuously monitor all aspects of the production process. Demonstrate an on-going commitment to the maintenance of a safe working environment. Stay informed concerning new manufacturing technologies and equipment in order to manufacture and reduce cost through efficiencies. Review processing schedules and production orders to make decisions concerning inventory and staffing requirements.\nQUALIFICATIONS Ability to provide positive and constructive feedback, coach/mentor, and develop individuals Knowledge of manufacturing operational systems, best practices, processes, and technology Proficient in complicated equipment and automation solutions Proven analytical skills; data-driven and detail-oriented solutions Highly organized; capable of multitasking across multiple projects Exceptional written and oral communication skills Effective operating in a fast-paced, dynamic environment Strong continuous improvement mindset Knowledge of FDA regulated medical device product manufacturing process; experience with introduction of new products, and development of new manufacturing processes Thorough understanding of FDA, GSR, and cGMP requirements Must be able to follow established policies and procedures, create new procedures, and comply with regulatory requirements Must be a positive, energetic team player, and an advocate for product excellence and quality Must be hands-on, results-oriented, who is a strong team player, excellent communicator, and comfortable in an entrepreneurial environment Must have the ability to recognize problems, recommend and implement solutions Must be well organized and possess excellent organizational skills and the ability to handle multiple responsibilities concurrently Must work well with others and be a team player Must possess a “can-do” attitude Must have the ability and desire to be proactive not just reactive; a questioning mindset\nEDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree in operations management, manufacturing engineering or related field or equivalent work experience required 10+ years of progressive manufacturing leadership experience required, medical device manufacturing/CER environment required; start up and high volume experience preferred 5+ years in a leadership position Demonstrated success working in a highly evolved lean manufacturing environment Experience with new product commercialization\nSUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITY\nThis position will lead and manage the activities of the manufacturing operations staff, including manufacturing engineering managers, manufacturing engineers, production supervisors, technicians and assemblers","jtr_source":"indeed"}