{"jobtitle":"Full-Stack Web Developer.","company":"Symbio","city":"Mountain View","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"Mountain View, CA","source":"Dice","date":"Wed, 12 Jul 2017 06:15:38 GMT","snippet":"However, <b>mobile</b> experience is not mandatory. Working with a team of 7 highly motivated <b>developers</b>. Take the next step in your career path and join our team.We...","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=aa2d1ce37c09a146","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'8521');","latitude":37.403847,"longitude":-122.07692,"jobkey":"aa2d1ce37c09a146","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"Mountain View, CA 94043","formattedRelativeTime":"19 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"At Symbio, you will be given the tools and resources to be successful, you have a lot of ownership and autonomy. We foster a culture where employee satisfaction and customer value are in the core. At Symbio we turn ideas into high quality products and services. With us you can widen and deepen your expertise working directly with multinational customers. Our clients are cutting edge pioneers in their field. Take the next step in your career path and join our team.We are looking for a contract Full-Stack Web Developer. We expect you to be fluent with Java and JavaScript. You have experience in building applications with React/Redux and are fluent with RESTful services – both building and consuming. You understand modern frontend toolchain (Webpack, AWS, npm/yarn etc) and backend toolchain (Spring boot, Docker etc.) and you’re capable of full-stack architecture design.You will be a part of a 7 member team responsible for developing new features from prototype to production. You will be participating the solution architecture design. In our ways of working we are constantly rethink and improve our existing solutions. We encourage you to test new approaches and designs. The team is building something that has never been done before, so you can expect unknowns and you’re comfortable finding good solutions to overcome them. What to Expect: Working with a team of 7 highly motivated developers. Work in DevOps mode. You will be responsible from development to delivery to operations.Test automation and continuous delivery. We release new software constantly.Unit testing and integration testing come naturally to you. We expect your code to be thoroughly tested with unit, UI and snapshot tests.Comfortable with working with all aspects of the solution (frontend, backend and hopefully mobile, topo). In our team everybody is encouraged to pitch in both frontend and backend development. However, mobile experience is not mandatory. Desired Skills and Experience: Top notch JavaScript skills with 3 -5 years of hands on experience.3 – 5 years of experience in building web applications with React/Redux.3 – 5 years of experience in Webpack and Node.jsSolid understanding of React Storybooks3 – 5 years of experience with unit testing React applications.Experience with backend development (Preferably with Java). 3 – 5 years of experience in building RESTful web services Education—Bachelor’s degree in computer sciences, engineering, or management information systems - provided by Dice\n\nReact, Express, Node.js, JavaScript, Redux, HTML, CSS, Restful APIs, Web Services, Jest, Mocha, backend","jtr_source":"indeed"}