{"jobtitle":"Sr. Staff Optical Engineer","company":"Bruker Daltonics","city":"San Jose","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"San Jose, CA","source":"Monster","date":"Thu, 06 Jul 2017 16:16:24 GMT","snippet":"The Optical Design Engineer will work closely with product management, <b>scientists</b> and engineers to architect the requirements for a variety of projects in a...","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=dd8571948f16eb16","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'4377');","latitude":37.412086,"longitude":-121.94505,"jobkey":"dd8571948f16eb16","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"San Jose, CA 95134","formattedRelativeTime":"27 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"The Tribology, Stylus and Optical Metrology (TSOM) and Fluorescence Microscopy (FM) engineering groups of the Nano Surfaces Business of Bruker Corporation in San Jose are looking for an Optical Design Engineer to define, design, develop and test the next generation of Optical tools. TSOM develops products and applications that provide 3D surface measurements, large scale industrial, semiconductor and data storage metrology. FM develops world class products for Neuroscience, cell biology and super resolution microscopy. The Optical Design Engineer will work closely with product management, scientists and engineers to architect the requirements for a variety of projects in a highly collaborative and fast-paced environment. T he Optical Design Engineer will provide technical leadership as part of a cross functional product team working on complex opto-mechanical product initiatives.\n\nESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Research and evaluate new optical design concepts, sub-systems and components for the next generation products. Create Zemax models of designs for evaluation and guidance for opto-mechanical designers. Work with the applications team to develop new applications in optical profiling. Specify and/or manage optical component design & fabrication with suppliers. Partner with manufacturing to troubleshoot and solve critical production issues related to optical systems. As part of Product Lifecycle Process (PLC), ensure design for MFX and serviceability are built into the design of optical systems. Provide tech dev leadership to help solve optical system issues and improve overall equipment performance. Provide consulting, mentoring, and guidance to production and system integration staff. This position will work with engineering staffs located in San Jose and Madison, WI. Travel to Madison (Up to 40%) will be required during training and critical portions of projects.\n\nADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Provide supporting information to the Engineers to aid in the creation of system specifications. Provide regular communications with Sr. Management on optical metrology roadmap progress. Qualifications:\nEDUCATION and EXPERIENCE: Typically requires a PhD in Optical Engineering plus 5 years’ experience, or a Master’s degree with 8 years or Bachelor’s degree with 12+. Strong background in designing optical imaging and optical systems. Hands-on experience aligning optical systems Working knowledge of opto-mechanical systems Experience with optical metrology, preferably White Light Interferometry Working knowledge of Fluorescence Microscopy Excellent communication skills and ability to work in within a dynamic team environment Ability to carry out a project from design phase to production Experience with optical profiling techniques including white light interferometry and fringe projection preferred. Proficient with Zemax/Code V optical design software and stray ray analysis software\nStrong optical imaging knowledge & background. Experience in taking a lead role in optical systems development.\nExperience in microscopy imaging and low-signal detection techniques\n\nBruker Corporation offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits package including medical, dental, 401(k), paid vacation, holidays, and tuition assistance (as applicable).\n\nBruker is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.","jtr_source":"indeed"}