{"jobtitle":"iOS Pen Tester - FC","company":"PHIPRO Inc.","city":"Foster City","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"Foster City, CA","source":"Dice","date":"Sat, 15 Jul 2017 08:17:35 GMT","snippet":"Ability to successfully integrate security into a <b>developers</b> world. Deep understanding of those platforms, and advanced concepts related to SDKs and <b>mobile</b>...","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8635cccc9ff18003","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'8518');","latitude":37.546703,"longitude":-122.26923,"jobkey":"8635cccc9ff18003","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"Foster City, CA 94404","formattedRelativeTime":"16 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"There will be an onsite interview after initial phone screen.Only on W2 or 1099.The duration of the project is for 1 year long.Hands-on experience with one or more of the following programming languages: Python, C#, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, C, C++; Objective-C, Java or Swift strongly preferred. • MUST have deep understanding of OWASP Top 10 and CWE 25; with proven track record and experience in implementing and integrating remediation strategies • MUST have an understanding of the basics of a mobile application and platform security concepts; deep understanding of those platforms, and advanced concepts related to SDKs and mobile wallets preferred. • Understanding of web applications, development frameworks and web protocols would be a plus. • Excellent penetration testing, application risk assessment and risk categorization skills, including but not limited to, reverse-engineering, network interception and manipulation, offensive and defensive attacks, as well as database and cross-site scripting injection attacks. • Candidates with experience in the following tools/technologies should apply, but they are not required: Burp Suite, IDA pro, APKTool, Hopper, HP Fortify, CheckMarx (Sast/Dast), Cycript, XPosed, Charles, dex2jar, Kali Linux, and Wireshark. • Well-versed (experience preferred) with driving and implementing secure development practices in to SDLC (SSDLC); ability to successfully integrate security into a developers world. • Success in implementing effective Secure SDLC frameworks across a large corporation or ability to demonstrate experience in doing so. • Candidates should be familiar with the agile development process and have experience integrating secure development practices into the model efficiently. • MUST be a highly effective communicator and flawless writer. • Solid problem solving and analytical skills; able to quickly digest any issue/problem encountered and recommend an appropriate solution. • Self-motivated; able to work independently; able to negotiate and bring consensus to diverse priorities of product development and solution teams • Demonstrated leadership qualities, flexibility, adaptability to changes in roles and responsibility as required. • 2 to 5 years in technology, information security, and/or application development. • Excellent operational skills; quality and results oriented. • Strategic thinker; visionary; innovative • Strong client service orientation. • Bi/multi-lingual a plus. - provided by Dice\n\niOS Pen Tester, C# or Python or Java, Objective-C, Swift, Cycript, XPosed, Device Testing","jtr_source":"indeed"}