{"jobtitle":"Chief Engineer","company":"The Axiom Hotel","city":"San Francisco","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"San Francisco, CA","source":"Hospitality Online, Inc.","date":"Thu, 13 Jul 2017 23:41:19 GMT","snippet":"Stellar opportunity for an experienced, technology driven Chief <b>Engineer</b>. Highly proficient with the Google Suite and expedited proficiency with all property...","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fefcdb11bfd33e17","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'8854');","latitude":37.78427,"longitude":-122.40818,"jobkey":"fefcdb11bfd33e17","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"San Francisco, CA 94102","formattedRelativeTime":"20 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"Stellar opportunity for an experienced, technology driven Chief Engineer.\nThe Chief Engineer is responsible to ensure the efficient, safe and economic operation of the Engineering Department in support of all other operating departments, supplying services as required to the entire operation, and maintaining equipment, building and grounds to the optimum condition. Administration Responsible for the smooth function of the department’s administration, including the maintenance of an efficient filing system. To make sure that all documents related to the operation of the department are correctly maintained and filed, and local authority inspection reports for the property and its systems. Highly proficient with the Google Suite and expedited proficiency with all property related computer systems. Financial Assume full responsibility for the cost-effective operation of the Engineering Department. Prepare Capital Improvement recommendations based on age of equipment and expected life span of each piece to ensure the Hotel is properly prepared for replacement of equipment when its useful life span has ended. Prepare the annual and revised Engineering budgets in close cooperation with the Controller. Operational Supervise all Engineering personnel in the performance of their duties, and delegate duties and responsibilities, as required. Develop and implement a comprehensive preventive maintenance program for all equipment in the hotel, including equipment in all leased spaces. Coordinate and supervise special projects and employment of outside contractors. Establish a well-organized Engineering store and closely control inventory. Implement a comprehensive elevator emergency procedure and initiate associate training on emergency release procedures with the elevator manufacturer’s agent. Inspect the entire building with particular attention to defective or deficient life safety features and to observe closely the condition of all operating equipment. Specific attention must be given to areas of difficult access. Prepare and implement an Emergency Response Plan and the operation and maintenance of all life safety and security systems. Advise the General Manager of potential improvements to the operation. Ensure that OSHA and ADA policies are upheld and enforced. Establish the most economic purchase of parts and consumables and write clear and concise purchase order requests for each item. Assume full charge of building maintenance and future guestroom and public area renovations. Establish and lead the hotel’s Safety Committee, including solicitation of members and conducting regular meetings, which includes a walk-through of the entire facility with an action plan to take corrective action to any issues discovered. Qualifications Minimum of two years related and progressive experience. Knowledge of heating ventilation air conditioning, refrigeration, electrical, plumbing, carpentry, painting, and other generally accepted maintenance skills. Demonstrated proficiency in supervising and motivating subordinates. Commitment to excellence and high standards. Full competence in subordinates’ duties and tasks. Strong organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills. Ability to manage priorities and workflow. Proven ability to handle multiple projects and meet deadlines. Strong interpersonal skills. Ability to deal effectively with a diversity of individuals at all organizational levels. Good judgement with the ability to make timely and sound decisions. Creative, flexible, and innovative team player. Ability to perform the necessary physical labor. Competencies Project Management--Develops project plans; Coordinates projects; Communicates changes and progress; Completes projects on time and budget; Manages project team activities. Cost Consciousness--Works within approved budget; Develops and implements cost saving measures; Contributes to profits and revenue; Conserves organizational resources. Dependability--Follows instructions, responds to management direction; Takes responsibility for own actions; Keeps commitments; Completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan. Initiative--Volunteers readily; Undertakes self-development activities; Seeks increased responsibilities; Takes independent actions and calculated risks; Looks for and takes advantage of opportunities; Asks for and offers help when needed. Innovation--Displays original thinking and creativity; Meets challenges with resourcefulness; Generates suggestions for improving work; Develops innovative approaches and ideas; Presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention. Other Duties Maintain a professional demeanor and appearance, representing the Axiom Hotel and Kokua Hospitality in a professional manner. Respond to changes in the engineering function as dictated by the industry, company and hotel. Carry out any other reasonable duties and responsibilities as assigned. Kokua Hospitality is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Kokua Hospitality does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws. Kokua Hospitality considers for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local laws.","jtr_source":"indeed"}