{"jobtitle":"Technical Writer- Lead","company":"Orangepeople LLC","city":"Menlo Park","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"Menlo Park, CA","source":"Monster","date":"Sat, 15 Jul 2017 00:05:33 GMT","snippet":"The ideal candidate is someone with strong experience with digital, <b>mobile</b>, infrastructure, and technical documentation....","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=36c1b57d77f1a8f7","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'8270');","latitude":37.453297,"longitude":-122.18132,"jobkey":"36c1b57d77f1a8f7","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"Menlo Park, CA","formattedRelativeTime":"16 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"Job Title: Technical Writer- Lead\nLocation: Menlo Park, CA\nDuration: 12+ Months\nJob Description\nHiring passionate and creative Lead Technical Writers to join our dynamic technology leadership team at OrangePeople. This position is on site at our client's headquarters, a leading social networking service in the Bay Area. The ideal candidate is someone with strong experience with digital, mobile, infrastructure, and technical documentation. She/he should be an expert in communicating complicated technology topics in clear, concise ways to both a technical and non-technical audience.\nResponsibilities: Assist in the development of software documentation, training programs, study guides, product and process documentation deliverables including customer, methodology, support, corporate and digital documentation. Responsible for networking and leading discussions with subject matter experts, stakeholders, developers, product managers, project managers, etc. to edit existing corporate data. Collaborate with program management regarding documentation production plans and time frames to ensure timely delivery of documentation. Assist engin eers in the preparation of proper documentation t o support infrastructure and application software changes, for example, product releases, upgrades, user guides, manual, release notes, implementations notes, etc. Create and maintain instructional manuals and company documentation using Dozuki or similiar software.\nSpecifications: 5 - 10 years Technical Writing experience. Tech writer with a hardware or Electrical Engineering background preferred Has experience leading a team of minimum 5 Technical Writers Understanding of IT hardware and hands on experience in presenting technical info on hardware repair in an efficient manner Experience with creating technical documentation, training program documentation, user manuals, and updating hardware and software documents. Hands on experience in creating digital documentation, and technical guides in Dozuki or similiar software Experience in creating interactive multimedia content Familiarity using photo and video editing software including Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop\nProficient in all design related programs and intimate knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign) Passionate and skilled in producing photography and video Must be a self-starter capable of managing multiple tasks in accordance with departmental processes and standards with minimal supervision\nAdditional Responsibilities: Participate in OrangePeople monthly team meetings, and participate in team building efforts. Contribute to OrangePeople technical discussions, peer reviews, etc. Contribute content and collaborate via the OP-Wiki/Knowledge Base. Provide status reports to OP Account Management as requested\n\nAbout Us :\nOrange People is an Enterprise Architecture and Project Management solutions company. Our most valuable asset is our people: dynamic, creative thinkers who are passionate about doing quality work. As a member of the Orange People team you will have access to industry-leading consulting practices, strategies & technologies, innovative training & education. An ideal Orange Person is a technology leader with a proven track record of technical achievements and strong process/methodology orientation.","jtr_source":"indeed"}