{"jobtitle":"Sr. Digital/Web Data Analyst","company":"Move, Inc.","city":"Santa Clara","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"Santa Clara, CA","source":"Jobing","date":"Fri, 28 Jul 2017 12:42:24 GMT","snippet":"This position will work as liaison between digital analytics engineers, front end engineers, product managers and <b>data</b> <b>scientists</b> and ensure decision makers get...","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4ebf5ff80003798e","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'4377');","latitude":37.35165,"longitude":-121.95605,"jobkey":"4ebf5ff80003798e","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"Santa Clara, CA 95054","formattedRelativeTime":"5 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"Post by Jobing - DescriptionAt realtor.com data is very important to us and we have lots of it, in motion and at rest. Our goal is to use this data to make the home buying experience a breeze for our consumers. We empower them with the most up-to-date information on properties, and help find their dream homes in the least amount of time and also match them with the most suitable realtor equipped to meet their individual needs.The successful candidate for this Sr. Digital Data Analyst position is passionate about data and will be using digital analytics to improve the business, and tenacious in finding solutions and working through issues.\n\nThis sr. data analyst will drive value by managing our digital analytics infrastructure and also defining our clickstream data collection strategy. This position will work as liaison between digital analytics engineers, front end engineers, product managers and data scientists and ensure decision makers get the digital analytics data they need.Responsibilities: Serve as the primary point of contact to our digital analytics users (e.g. product managers, data scientists) on any implementation requests and reporting questions.Collaborate across organization boundaries to identify, define and document digital analytics tracking requirements.\n\nPrioritize, track and manage digital analytics implementation projects across multiple Agile Scrum teams. Provide web/mobile development teams with required project specifications, tracking and tracking requirements and testing scenarios. Understand web development to ensure that all tagging and tracking are implemented correctly. Perform necessary audit to ensure data is captured accurately with high quality.Develop clickstream data standard to ensure the right information is captured, useful metrics are measured and actionable insights can be derived.\n\nDefine standard engagement model to ensure consistency in service delivery.Act as a power user of our clickstream data. Conduct ad-hoc research using a combination of Adobe Analytics, Microstrategy, Tableau and other reporting and data analytics tools. Create and deliver effective dashboards & reports to summarize and present those analysis.Stay abreast of the latest technologies and techniques in the digital analytics industry. Continually enhance and evolve our digital analytics processes and tools.\n\nIncorporate new sources of data to improve the quality of our analysis.Qualifications: 3 to 5 years of digital analytics experience working with clickstream data using web analytics tool (Adobe Omniture SiteCatalyst and/or Google Analytics). Experience with Tag Management System (e.g. Adobe DTM, Google Tag Manager) and/or Segment Data Platform and its SDKs is a plus.Hands-on experience with databases, SQL queries, SQL scripting for data validation.Strong analytical skills with solid foundation in data analysis. Experience with analyzing and managing large data sets using different Open Source Big Data Technologies such as Spark, Hadoop/MapReduce, Hive, and Pig is a plus.Basic Understanding of web technologies (e.g.\n\nHTML, CSS, Javascript)Experience with Python and or R (statistics, regression, forecasting, time series analysis) is a plus.Strong problem solving skills. Strong analytic capabilities to provide insights as well as recommendations for changes to convince key decision makers of business benefits of the proposed solutions. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Bachelor and/or Post Graduate degrees in Statistics, Mathematics, Operational Research, Computer Science, Economics, or Engineering.\n\n#LI-JM2","jtr_source":"indeed"}