{"jobtitle":"Customer Engineering Manager","company":"Mice Groups","city":"Fremont","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"Fremont, CA","source":"Dice","date":"Mon, 10 Jul 2017 21:28:27 GMT","snippet":"TCP/IP, UDP, ICMP, MAC addresses, IP packets and load balancing.Experience on Wi-Fi stack and middleware (OpenWrt, DD-WRT, <b>Android</b>, RDK-B/CCSP, etc.)....","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6d220a5de5fa141f","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'5065');","latitude":37.524727,"longitude":-121.96154,"jobkey":"6d220a5de5fa141f","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"Fremont, CA 94538","formattedRelativeTime":"20 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"Our Fremont-based Communications client has an immediate need for a Customer Engineering Manager for a direct-hire opportunity. DescriptionAs a Sr. Software Engineer, you will work on a small team and can switch teams and projects as our fast-paced businessgrows and evolves. You will be responsible for Wi-Fi feature development of full coverage products. You will work withsome of the brightest minds in the industry and you will see a direct link among your work, company growth, and user Key Responsibilities: Analyze and clarify customer requirements, identify gaps with existing client solution and drive to close gaps with customer and client engineering team.Reproduce and triage customer reported issues and narrow down the root cause.Develop software features and resolve related bugs.On site customer support and overseas travel is required on a rotational basis.Educate, train and support customer and other team members on the client’s solution.As a member of a SWAT team, operate in an agile environment to resolve customer issues.Develop documentation in the form of application notes, whitepapers, cheat sheets, etc.Must be self-driven, yet accepts direction. Take initiative and drive issues to closure with customer and across Minimum Qualifications: Master’s degree (preferred); Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related discipline is required.Expert C and C++ developer, with strong problem-solving skills.Experience with developing, optimizing and maintaining embedded systems.Basic knowledge of IEEE 802.11 series protocols.Experience managing small local and offshore teams Preferred Qualifications: 10+ years’ expertise in designing, developing networking and wireless products.Strong knowledge of one or two of the following: IEEE 802.11 series protocols especially Wi-Fi network roaming including 802.11k, 802.11r, and 802.11v.Networking: TCP/IP, UDP, ICMP, MAC addresses, IP packets and load balancing.Experience on Wi-Fi stack and middleware (OpenWrt, DD-WRT, Android, RDK-B/CCSP, etc.) development and debugging.Customer facing and project management experience.Strong written and oral communication skills. Good interpersonal skills. The Mice Groups is a certified Minority Business Enterprise. We have been named one of Silicon Valley's fastest growing private companies two years in a row and were named to Inc's 5000 fastest growing private companies in the nation. We provide professional technology staffing solutions to the most respected companies in a variety of industries, including Finance and Banking, Software Development, e-Commerce and Retail, Biotechnology, Healthcare, Insurance and Services for contract, contract to hire as well as direct hire roles. Please visit our new website at www.micegroups.com/ to see a complete listing of all of our current openings. - provided by Dice\n\nMS Degree preferred; 10+ years' wireless exp; Expert C / C++; development, optimizating& maintaining embedded systems; IEEE 802.11 / v series protocols; Small team management; WiFi; TCP/IP, UDP, ICMP","jtr_source":"indeed"}