{"jobtitle":"Exciting New Opportunity: Scientist I","company":"Compass Consulting Group repersenting","city":"Santa Clara","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"Santa Clara, CA","source":"Monster","date":"Tue, 11 Jul 2017 00:02:28 GMT","snippet":"Compiles and prepares <b>data</b> for statistical, scientific analyses, reports, or for presentations. Keeps supervisor/project leader informed of project status,...","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3f50911b8a0bcb45","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'4377');","latitude":37.3489,"longitude":-121.95605,"jobkey":"3f50911b8a0bcb45","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"Santa Clara, CA 95050","formattedRelativeTime":"23 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"Confidential Prestigious Biotech Company\n\nReason: Vacant Position\nDepartment: Chem & Innov Tech-\nJob Title: Scientist I\n\nJob Summary:\nManufactures oligonucleotides on DNA Synthesizers utilizing established and published procedu res.\n\nSkills:\nJob Description (Scientist I): Manufactures oligonucleotides on DNA Synthesizers utilizing established and published procedures, and technical and theoretical understanding. Assumes responsibility for the accuracy, quality, and timeliness of oligo synthesis results. Maintains lab supplies and DNA Synthesizers. Summarizes experimental results, and reviews conclusions with supervisor/project leader. Works with oligo purification group to ensure smooth hand off of oligos from DNA Synthesis to Oligo Purification. Keeps supervisor/project leader informed of project status, particularly of significant findings and results in critical problem areas. Performs work according to established internal safety guidelines and procedures, and as specified by appropriate external regulatory agencies (e.g., OSHA). Processes incoming orders and interface with vendors for oligo orders. Processes and delivers outsourced oligo orders. Works with supervisor to prioritize and triage the orders for in-house manufacturing or for approved external oligo vendor. Assumes accountability for own lab notebook documentation and documentation of oligo orders made, ensuring synthesis records and results are recorded timely, accurately and consistently, and according to established formats Participates in routine lab maintenance, lab safety, ISO, and QSR implementation. Troubleshoots issues related to instrumentation. Sets up, maintains, and runs oligo synthesis instruments to make oligos according to standard protocols and current priorities. Oligos are to be made in an efficient, timely, and cost effective manner. Prioritize, schedule, and execute oligo syntheses to accommodate special RUSH or repeat orders. Batches the orders in the manufacturing process when there are infrequent orders such that there is a balance between manufacturing efficiency and reasonable turnaround times. Manufacturing Support: Helps maintain the lab/reagent supplies in the lab to ensure that there is no manufacturing downtime. Helps keep the lab and work areas clean and safe. Perform routine analyses (HPLC, LCMS, and/or UV spectral) on oligos on as needed basis. Assists others in the manufacturing lab as needed. Documentation: Responsible for ensuring capture of lab data from instrumentation in SDMS/electronic notebook in a timely manner. Compiles and prepares data for statistical, scientific analyses, reports, or for presentations.\n\nQualifications:\nBachelor's degree in Chemistry, Biochemistry, Biological/Life Sciences, or related field, or equivalent combination of education and work-experience","jtr_source":"indeed"}