{"jobtitle":"Field Application Engineer","company":"QCT LLC","city":"San Jose","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"San Jose, CA","source":"Monster","date":"Mon, 17 Jul 2017 19:07:46 GMT","snippet":"Solid HW <b>system</b> design and diagnostics skills. Highly technical problem solver who understands <b>system</b> architecture, hardware and software interaction....","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=47eca6a79b9fc325","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'8851');","latitude":37.387363,"longitude":-121.88461,"jobkey":"47eca6a79b9fc325","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"San Jose, CA 95131","formattedRelativeTime":"16 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"Company Information:\nQCT (Quanta Cloud Technology) is a global datacenter solution provider extending the power of hyperscale datacenter design in standard and open SKUs to all datacenter customers.\nProduct lines include servers, storage, network switches, integrated rack systems and cloud solutions, all delivering hyperscale efficiency, scalability, reliability, manageability, serviceability and optimized performance for each workload\nQCT offers a full spectrum of datacenter products and services from engineering, integration and optimization to global supply chain support, all under one roof.\nThe parent of QCT is Quanta Computer Inc., a Fortune Global 500 technology engineering and manufacturing company.\nhttp://www.QuantaQCT.com\n\nJob Summary:\nProvide the first line technical support to customer of Quanta made H/W including server, storage and rack.\nJob Responsibilities Works closely with the sales and extended teams to map end-user customer business, partner requirements and provide most optimized technical solutions. Highly technical problem solver who understands system architecture, hardware and software interaction. Should possess basic HW debug skills. Manage and leads product HW and SW engineers during product development. Manage and leads teams during investigation and resolution of problems in the field. Has a good understanding of firmware, drivers, OS, Applications and their interaction that can cause system issues. Develop and review systems solutions, technical bid responses and presentations. Work cross-department to ensure customer satisfaction and timely resolution of issues Ability to present the corporate brand, product messaging and solutions to customers. Visit on-site facilities and operations to enable solution integration and issue resolution. Some travel required (up to 25%)\n\nJob Requirements (Includes Education/Years of Experience): Bachelors' or Masters' degree in engineering discipline; computer science, computer engineering and electrical engineering preferred. Excellent communication skills and business sense required Minimum 6 to 10 years related experience with Compute/Storage Server or Data Center or IT Infrastructure experience desired Strong background and experience with x86-based server architecture. Solid HW system design and diagnostics skills. Familiarity with Firmware, Linux, Windows and virtualization platforms is a plus. Strong technical communication and leadership skills to lead investigations with engineers of multiple disciplines Individual must be able to work effectively in a high-pressure environment\n\nPhysical Demands :\nThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.","jtr_source":"indeed"}