{"jobtitle":"Sr iOS Lead","company":"DPP Tech, Inc.","city":"San Francisco","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"San Francisco, CA","source":"Dice","date":"Thu, 22 Jun 2017 18:15:44 GMT","snippet":"Track record of building efficient, well-designed <b>mobile</b> applications. Looking for Sr iOS Lead or <b>Developer</b> • A minimum of 8 years software development...","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d3b2a4b1e24412f","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'3448');","latitude":37.774727,"longitude":-122.41758,"jobkey":"1d3b2a4b1e24412f","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"San Francisco, CA","formattedRelativeTime":"29 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"DPP Tech is a Bay Area based company and we work with DIRECT CLIENTS ONLY. We offer 401K, medical insurance & direct deposits via Paychex. We have a high priority job opening with a Large Retail client. These are Long term Contract/Contract to Hire opportunities. Looking for Sr iOS Lead or Developer • A minimum of 8 years software development experience, 5 years of which are specific to front-end technologies, 3 years of which are in Mobile development. • Exposure to mobile-complimentary technologies such as AngularJS, Node.js, • Expertise & experience in delivering mobile-first designs • Experience with either iOS or Android platforms is a must. Knowledge of two platforms is preferable. • Track record of building efficient, well-designed mobile applications. • Self-motivated team player who excels in a collaborative environment. • Hands-on experience with Agile development practices & Agile, XP, or Scrum project methodologies. • Strong sense of personal accountability; contributes beyond job role and responsibilities • Excellent problem solving skills; meticulous & methodical, strong attention to detail. • Ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly and self-directed • Proven ability to translate complex business requirements into simple software solutions • Passionate about continuously improving organizational practices • Thorough understanding of Object Oriented principles (Analysis and Design) • Full lifecycle development experience on large projects, creating distributed and scalable business systems.Agile experience. Experience developing large scale applications. Experience with version control and defect management systems. Understanding of apparel retailing business processes. Familiar with object oriented analysis and design EXPERIENCE LEVEL 7+ years. Please read the job description before applying , this position is for Sr iOS Lead/Engineer ONLY . Need local resources , in person interview is Mandatory. If you are interested and would like to know more about the Client and position, please email your resume with contact details to bobm@dpptech.com If you're not currently on the market or feel this job isn't a great match for you, please feel free to forward this email to anyone in your network you'd like to refer. Thank you! - provided by Dice\n\niOS, LEAD, JAVA, JAVAscript","jtr_source":"indeed"}