{"jobtitle":"Clinical Laboratory Scientist I/II (Medical Technologist) (Open)","company":"County of San Mateo","city":"Redwood City","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"Redwood City, CA","source":"Jobing","date":"Wed, 05 Jul 2017 12:40:38 GMT","snippet":"The San Mateo Medical Center Laboratory is looking for experienced Clinical Laboratory <b>Scientists</b> to join our team!...","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6e7ddc9e246c319c","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'4377');","latitude":37.4933,"longitude":-122.21936,"jobkey":"6e7ddc9e246c319c","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"Redwood City, CA 94063","formattedRelativeTime":"28 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"Post by Jobing - Overall Job Objective Job Title: Clinical Laboratory Scientist I/II (Medical Technologist) (Open)Closing Date/Time: Continuous Salary: $39.74 - $52.59 Hourly $3,179.20 - $4,207.20 Biweekly $6,888.27 - $9,115.60 Monthly $82,659.20 - $109,387.20 Annually Job Type: RegularLocation: San Mateo County, California Note: This job posting was amended on July 5, 2017 to update the vacancies. Note: This job posting was amended on March 29, 2017 to update the vacancies. Note: This recruitment schedule was amended on March 15, 2017 to extend the Final Filing Date. This recruitment has been changed to \"Continuous.\" San Mateo Medical Center is a public hospital and clinic system fully accredited by The Joint Commission.\n\nThe Medical Center operates outpatient clinics throughout San Mateo County and an acute-care hospital in San Mateo. The mission of San Mateo Medical Center is to \"partner with patients to provide excellent care with compassion and respect.\" As part of an integrated Health System, the Medical Center serves the healthcare needs of all residents of San Mateo County, with an emphasis on education and prevention. The San Mateo Medical Center Laboratory is looking for experienced Clinical Laboratory Scientists to join our team! Positions are available for Clinical Lab Scientists/Medical Technologists in various shifts.\n\nGeneralists are encouraged to apply as Clinical areas include hematology, chemistry, coagulation, and blood banking. Under general supervision, the Clinical Laboratory Scientist I/II (Medical Technologist/Generalist) will perform high and moderate complexity testing and oversee testing of medical laboratory technicians and specimen management by phlebotomists during their shift in order to provide data used in the diagnosis and therapeutic management of diseases. Clinical Laboratory Scientist I is the journey level class in the medical technologist series with incumbents performing routine and specialized laboratory tests. This class is flexibly staffed with Clinical Laboratory Scientist II and incumbents are expected to advance to the higher level after gaining experience and demonstrating the required proficiency.\n\nClinical Laboratory Scientist II is the advanced journey level class in the medical technologist series with incumbents independently performing a variety of complex and specialized laboratory tests. Possession of a Clinical Laboratory Technologist (MTA) license issued by the State of California is required, and 2 - 5 years of experience in medical laboratory work as a licensed technologist is strongly preferred. The ideal candidate will also possess: A Bachelor's Degree in Medical Technology.American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCP) Certification.Experience with Manual Differentials, Microbiology and Blood Bank. There are currently four vacancies: 1 Full-Time Regular vacancy for the DAY shift (specializing in Blood Bank).1 Full-Time Regular vacancy for the EVENING shift, 4:00 PM to 12:30 AM.1 Full-Time Regular vacancy for the NIGHT shift, which starts at 11:00 PM.1 Part-Time Relief vacancy (variable shifts).NOTE: The hourly wage for relief classifications is 5% above the rate for regular employees in the same classification.\n\nNOTE: The eligible list generated from this recruitment may be used to fill future extra-help, term, unclassified, and regular classified vacancies. Examples Of Duties: Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Perform microbiological examinations on a variety of specimens using morphological, cultural, biochemical, and serological identification of micro-organisms.Perform qualitative and quantitative analysis of blood and urine using standard procedures.Perform routine hematological examinations such as complete blood count, coagulation studies, sedimentation rate, etc.Perform blood banking procedures including typing, grouping, and cross matching of blood for transfusion.Perform serological examinations using a variety of techniques on various clinical specimens.Prepare culture media, stains, reagents and stock solutions.Operate and care for laboratory equipment and assumes responsibility for preventive maintenance.Perform all quality control tests required by procedures and prepare quality control reports.Maintain records of laboratory results, quality control data, and laboratory procedures.Assist in laboratory quality assurance procedures, data gathering and problem-solving.Compile and prepare periodic reports.Assist in training and guiding laboratory assistants and paraprofessional employees, as well as teaching other technologists new procedures.Perform related duties as assigned. Qualifications: Knowledge of: Current technology, principles and application of medical examinations such as those commonly used in biochemistry, microbiology, blood banking, serology and hematology; and operation and care of laboratory equipment and instrumentation. Skill/Ability to: Perform serological, parasitological, bacteriological, and biochemical tests; make independent judgments in evaluating the validity of completed laboratory tests; maintain and analyze quality control programs; and follow written and oral directions, procedures or instructions.\n\nEducation and Experience: Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to qualify is: Clinical Laboratory Scientist/Medical Technologist II: Two years of experience in medical laboratory work as a licensed technologist. Licensure/Certification: Possession of a Clinical Laboratory Technologist license issued by the State of California. Application/Examination: Anyone may apply.\n\nResponses to the supplemental questions must be submitted in addition to our regular employment application form. A resume will not be accepted as a substitute for the required employment application and supplemental questionnaire.This is a continuous recruitment which may close at any time. The final filing date will be posted five days in advance on this job announcement. The examination process will consist of an application screening (pass/fail) based on the candidate's application and responses to the supplemental questions.\n\nCandidates who pass the application screening will be invited to a panel interview (weight: 100%). Depending on the number of applicants, an application appraisal of education and experience may be used in place of other examinations, or further evaluation of work experience may be conducted to group applicants by level of qualification. Applicants who meet the minimum qualifications are not guaranteed advancement through any subsequent phase of the examination. All examinations will be given in San Mateo County, California, and applicants must participate at their own expense.\n\nIMPORTANT: Applications for this position will only be accepted online. If you are currently on the County's website, you may click the \"Apply Online\" button above or below. If you are not on the County's website, please go to http://jobs.smcgov.org/ to apply. Online applications must be received by the Human Resources Department before midnight on the final filing date.\n\nTENTATIVE RECRUITMENT SCHEDULE Final Filing Date: Continuous First Round Application Screening: Week of March 20, 2017 Panel Interviews: TBD The County of San Mateo does not require job applicants to disclose conviction history information until after the applicant successfully completes all examination phases for the recruitment. All passing applicants will receive instructions by email only from Human Resources staff to complete and submit a conviction history questionnaire online within a specified deadline of two business days. Failure to do so within the timeframe will disqualify you from the rest of the process. Please visit this link at http://hr.smcgov.org/conviction-information-applicants-faqs to find out more information about the conviction history questionnaire so that you can prepare accordingly.\n\nNote: Positions in criminal justice agencies currently required by law to pass background checks are exempted from this bill, and applicants may be required to submit conviction information at the time of application. County of San Mateo is an Equal Opportunity Employer Analyst: Lillian Lilles (030217) (Clinical Laboratory Scientist I/II - F074/F023) Keywords: laboratory, clinical, scientist, hematology, chemistry, microbiology, coagulation, blood banking, record keeping, serology, medical technologist.","jtr_source":"indeed"}