{"jobtitle":"Principal Architect","company":"Move, Inc.","city":"Santa Clara","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"Santa Clara, CA","source":"Jobing","date":"Sun, 30 Jul 2017 12:41:09 GMT","snippet":"Is the <b>developer</b> and operator of Realtor.com . Post by Jobing - About Move Inc.Move, Inc....","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b3679bdd593edea3","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'5065');","latitude":37.35165,"longitude":-121.95605,"jobkey":"b3679bdd593edea3","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"Santa Clara, CA 95054","formattedRelativeTime":"17 hours ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"Post by Jobing - About Move Inc.Move, Inc. is the developer and operator of Realtor.com . We are a leading destination to discover and create your perfect home. Realtor.com was named the fastest growing online real estate destination in 2015, according to comScore, an independent analytics provider.\n\nWe have more than 55 million users leveraging our products every month and our user base grew more than 25% last year. We have the most comprehensive and accurate coverage of real estate listing, and the most engaged consumers across all real estate online portals, and top rated mobile applications at the cutting edge of mobile revolution.Housing is one of the most important emotional and financial decisions for most consumers. You will make it super easy for customers to improve their decisions related to housing.We offer a fast moving culture of a start-up, coupled with the financial stability of grown company.You will engage with some of the best and the brightest coworkers and leaders, learn and contribute, and have a great time. We work hard, play hard, and we recognize achievement.\n\nWe reward passion for innovation, creativity and quality. If you enjoy working in a fast paced, dynamic, cutting-edge work environment and desire to make a meaningful contribution to the business, then make the Move!The RoleThis individual contributor role, will be responsible for providing technical leadership and oversight for all our consumer applications. This includes our flagship realtor.com brand experiences delivered via web, and native apps, moving.com. Senior Housing.net and other un-announced products.\n\nYou will make key architectural decisions, make technology & platform choices, define and drive engineering excellence across the organization, and mentor senior engineers.Responsibilities: Engineering Excellence: Help raise the overall excellence in engineering. You will help us identify what new processes & standards we should adopt, and help drive the adoption e.g. define coding standard; establish common design patterns; guide team on practices for improving testability; evangelize CI/CD pipeline etc. You ensure that our architecture and engineering practices have the right balance to deliver on both short term revenues as well as setting us for longer term success.\n\nYou are a role model for other engineers to follow. Architecture: Define architecture for new products. Work cross functionally with product to identify execution path that provides best ROI for engineering investments. Help prioritize areas that we should re-architect to set the company for longer term success.\n\nReview designs from other engineers to ensure they are architected for best ROI. You have a good sense of the intellectual property we should own to differentiate vs. IP that we should just leverage from others.Data Driven Development: Help coach engineers on how to leverage business and operational metrics to evolve product and architecturesInnovator: Help evaluate new technology platforms & products and guide us on various build vs. buy decisionsTalent: Help attract, evaluate, hire, retain, and energize senior engineersAct as a core member of the overall Consumer Application Executive Team and help drive and resolve broader team and business issues.Leader: Guide and influence the cross functional organization to better engineering Education, Skills and Experience EducationMS CS or higher.\n\nHigher professional degrees preferred.Technical & Domain SkillsBroad understanding of technologies across all layers of the stack including persistence, service, and application tiers. Strong background in designing server side architecture for scale, availability, performance, security and agility. Familiarity with client side concerns, especially for web-experience, ios and Android.Strong experience in designing consumer facing cloud delivered 24x7 available applications serving millions of users daily. You can guide team to deliver secure, always available, highly performant and agile cloud applications.\n\nExperience on designing cloud applications leveraging AWS services is highly desired.Solid understanding of constraints and unique opportunities offered by native mobile application from both consumer & engineering perspective. You understand what code should be on the device vs. cloud, what should be done in native code vs. hybrid apps, consistency with web experience vs.\n\nMobile-first unique experiences.Passion and an eye for engineering considerations that enable fit, finish and finesse that separates the best consumer products from the restBroad understanding of latest technology trends such as AI, bot interfaces, AWS etc.Broad understanding of competing technologies and their relative strength & weakness e.g. java vs. node.js vs. Ruby, NoSQL vs.\n\nrelational, Cassandra vs. Mongo DB vs. Dynamo DB, VM vs. containers vs PaaS, React vs.\n\nPhone Gap, Native vs. Hybrid Apps.Ability to quickly ramp up the new technologies and help decide the best fit for the use caseHands-on engineering skills - interest and ability to roll up sleeves and work along with other architects and engineers in building our leading edge data systems.LeadershipA reputation for unquestioned integrity and a highly developed sense of ethics. Candid, direct, and non-political.An undying curiosity and passion to stay current with the latest technology coupled with passion for customer focused innovation. While a technologist at hear, you think customer-in vs.\n\ntechnology-out.Strong believer in data-driven innovation: ship, measure, improve, repeat. You relish looking at technical, business and consumer experience metrics to guide your path. You know how to deliver huge market changing innovations, in bite size pieces.High energy, confidence, and ambition--someone who can consistently perform at the highest level in an extremely fast paced, dynamic and high growth environment.A crisp and passionate communicator with the ability to simplify, communicate, and sell his or her vision/ideas up, down, and across the organization. Highly developed interpersonal skills-someone who can be as effective through influence as through direct control.An effective delegator/doer-someone who can rally the troops and yet is not afraid to roll up his or her sleeves when needed.Experience15+ years' work experience in software/systems, with history of tacking bigger and progressively more complex engineering problems.5+ years of experience with 24x7 available consumer facing online services serving millions of consumers on a daily basis.Location: Santa Clara, CA.","jtr_source":"indeed"}