{"jobtitle":"Software Engineer, Sugarcane","company":"IXL Learning","city":"San Mateo","state":"CA","country":"US","language":"en","formattedLocation":"San Mateo, CA","source":"Monster","date":"Mon, 03 Jul 2017 19:59:10 GMT","snippet":"Other technologies in our stack include Amazon EC2, Linux, Jetty, Java, PostgreSQL, and Cassandra. Knowledge of Unix, Java, Scala, SQL, JavaScript, CSS, or...","url":"http://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f4f03d0c1cc7dd6a","onmousedown":"indeed_clk(this,'6534');","latitude":37.56166,"longitude":-122.286,"jobkey":"f4f03d0c1cc7dd6a","sponsored":false,"expired":false,"indeedApply":false,"formattedLocationFull":"San Mateo, CA 94404","formattedRelativeTime":"30 days ago","stations":"","jtr_description":"IXL Learning, a leading edtech company with products used by 6 million students worldwide, is seeking Software Engineers who have a passion for technology and education to join the Sugarcane team. Sugarcane (www.sugarcane.com) is our new free site for creating your own educational games. On our small team, your code will have immediate impact, and you will help pioneer new technologies as you develop features for the site.\n\nInternational candidates encouraged to apply; H1B sponsorship is available. What you'll be doing\nAs a Software Engineer on the Sugarcane team, you will be expected to contribute as a full-stack engineer. In particular, you will:\nWork in the full technology stack to build the back-end wiring, application logic, and UI that drive the site\nFind and use the best technologies to add new features, as well as maintain and enhance existing features\nBe involved in all aspects of the development process, including design, coding, testing, debugging, and tuning\nCollaborate closely with engineers, product designers, and other teams to implement features that meet the needs of our users Technology\nWe write the majority of our server-side code in Scala, using the Lift web framework. Other technologies in our stack include Amazon EC2, Linux, Jetty, Java, PostgreSQL, and Cassandra. Using JavaScript (including the React library and ES6) and CSS, we implement our pages to be fully responsive across all browsers and platforms. What we're looking for\nBachelor's or advanced degree in computer science or a related discipline\nA solid grasp of general programming principles\nExcellent programming skills in Java, Scala, or other object-oriented language\nAbility to work both independently and with a wide variety of teams\nKnowledge of Unix, Java, Scala, SQL, JavaScript, CSS, or source control is a plus\nPassion for improving education through technology About Sugarcane\nSugarcane is a brand new, one-of-a-kind environment for studying and teaching absolutely anything. From a simple spreadsheet of information teachers and learners can make up to 18 types of games and other activities and instantly share them online for free. About IXL\n\nIXL Learning is a leading educational technology company on a big mission: delivering an immersive learning experience to all students, in all grades and subjects, in schools and homes worldwide. With 1 in 8 U.S. students already learning on IXL (answering over 50 million questions every day!), IXL inspires educators and learners around the world and is changing how students feel about learning and about themselves.","jtr_source":"indeed"}